# Inventory-Program

## Explanation
This is my first project in Java as well as my first JavaFX application that I created in NetBeans for my Software I class at WGU. The program allows the user to add, modify, and delete parts and products. They can describe said parts and products by name or ID and attach with various attributes such as inventory level, price, max and min values, and whether they are made “In-House” or “Outsourced”.

It's pretty straight forward as it was designed to achieve specific goals.

This project utilizes concepts such as inheritance, encapsulation, and abstraction which should ensure the application’s sociability.

## Features
* Allows the user to create and manage inventory of parts and products using several screens such as the add part, modify part, add product, and modify product screens in addition to the main screen.


## Usage
* The “main screen” provides the user with a base directory with all of the parts and products listed in tables as well as a search function. It also contains the Add, Modify, and Delete buttons used to navigate to other screens and delete parts and products.
* The “add part” and “add product” screens allows the user to add parts and products to a local database
* Users can select from a variety of options when describing new parts on the “add part” screen such as the part ID (autogenerated), name, inventory level, price, max and min values, machine ID, and whether they were made “In-House” or “Outsourced”.
* Users also have several options when describing new products on the “add product” screen such as the product ID (autogenerated), name, inventory level, price, max and min values, which parts, from the parts database, are included in said product.
* The “modify part” and “modify product” screens have identical options to their “add” counterparts but are used to update a product the product information of existing parts and products.


